docs: watch flag blog and run local flags (#5458)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/blogs/release-v132.en.md

Copilot v1.32 brings big enhancements to help you develop more flexibly and efficiently:

- **`copilot run local --proxy`**:

> - **`copilot run local --watch`**: Automatically rebuild your containers when you make a change to your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`copilot run local --watch`**: Automatically rebuild your containers when you make changes to your code.
```

## 

## `copilot run local --watch`

> The `--watch` flag watches your workspace and rebuilds your containers when you make changes to your code so you can develop continuously. This is extremely useful when used with `--proxy` as it allows you to save the overhead time required to setup proxy each time you would rebuild your application!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--watch` flag watches your workspace and rebuilds your containers when you make changes to your code so you can develop continuously. This is extremely useful when used with `--proxy`, as it allows you to save the overhead time required to set up proxy each time you would rebuild your application!
```

## 

## `copilot run local --watch`

> With the `--watch` flag, Copilot will watch your workspace for file changes and rebuild your containers for you so you can develop continuously.

Reviewer: We should either add the anchor link above, or maybe since this isn't very long, add these details to the blurb above and then we won't need a detailed section.

Reviewer 2: Mention how it's great with `--proxy`! 🤣 I know the features is super self-explanatory but it's so good I hope people know how much we like it 🥺

Author: Good point 😃 I'll revert this last change and make that note!
